
Check larch2hdd is still functional.

Make a script to build a 64-bit repo? At present all packages are 'any'
architecture, so there would be no need for a separate repo. Actually,
pacman-allin should be in the repo, too, and that would be architecture
dependent.


medium page
-----------

iso burn to CD/DVD?
open browser on cd-root(?) folder

I am doing the device formatting on the host machine.
These functions could be run chroot, but you would
need at least /dev bind-mounted.

Only ext2 and vfat are supported for larch partitions.







NOTES
=====

Looking at the now rather extensive and complicated python code one might
well ask what the point of it was, it certainly has nothing to do with
Arch's "KISS" idea. Well, I admit it. The initial aim was to make larch
(even) easier to use and tidy up one or two aspects of the code which could
be a bit problematic for inexperienced users. I hoped that by providing a
gui the user would not need such detailed documentation, which (let's face
it) generally doesn't get read anyway.

The number of options offered by larch can be a bit bewildering and I hope
that a graphical presentation will help to give a better overview of these.
For what it's worth, choosing python as the implementation language to
(largely) replace bash makes internationalization relatively easy. Of course
a simple internationalized command line python program would have been
possible, too.


Quitting / Cancelling
---------------------

If I cancel an operation (Cancel or Quit) I need to check that all mounted
stuff (including dev,proc,sys) gets unmounted. Ta asiist here, a record is
kept of everything that I have mounted.


Cancelling:
As threads in python cannot be killed (they must be exited), it is a bit
tricky to break a long command (e.g. install, squash) without killing the
whole program.
I use exceptions to terminate 'supershell' commands, but I'm not sure that
the interrupted commands won't have adverse effects on their callers. I've
tried cancelling the installation stage a couple of times and it seemed to be
successful, but further tests are necessary.

The Quit command uses the same principle, but goes on to kill the logger,
the gui and the backend. Interrupted commands should not be a problem in this
case.

